Mr. Li, please put your water there.
Is there anything else?
Mr. Li
Sorry.
I was falsely threatened.
My heart has framed you and Miss Lie
Then go to the hair loss evidence to say
I am not human
Send me to prison
You didn't steal it, did you?
Xiaomei
You obviously succeeded last night
Why not give the plan to the Xu family?
So you already knew
About me and Huang Yan
Just doubt
Not solid evidence
Xuemei
Can I ever trust you again?
I have betrayed your trust.
I have done something sorry to you once.
I don't deserve it.
Come up
I've made mistakes.
God gave me a chance to make amends
I would also like to give you another chance.
You take this plan
Give it to the Xu family